add cross links (#8516)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/materializations.md

- ephemeral
- materialized view

You can also configure [custom materializations](/guides/create-new-materializations?step=1) in dbt. Custom materializations are a powerful way to extend dbt's functionality to meet your specific needs. 

> For a detailed guide on materializations, refer to [Materializations best practices](/best-practices/materializations/1-guide-overview). To learn how to handle near real-time data, refer to [How to handle real-time data](/best-practices/how-we-handle-real-time-data/1-intro).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a detailed guide on materializations, refer to [Materializations best practices](/best-practices/materializations/1-guide-overview). For information about data streaming, refer to [How to handle real-time data](/best-practices/how-we-handle-real-time-data/1-intro).
```

Author: going to keep this as 'how to..' since that's what it says in the sidebar and how we're presenting it
<img width="268" height="135" alt="Screenshot 2026-02-03 at 09 55 17" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/201e8f40-af85-4190-9364-b20d45d01014" />

> To learn about 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
